Adding Keep (#2256)
DataDog/integrations-extras: keep/README.md

# Agent Check: Keep

## Overview

Keep is an open-source AIOps alert management tool.

> 

Reviewer: The overview should include: 

1. What does your product do (in 1-2 sentences)?
2. What will customers get from this integration, and why is it valuable to them?
3. What types of data will your integration send in or pull out, and what's the value of that data?

## Setup

> ### Installation

Reviewer: As mentioned in this [article](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/oauth_for_integrations/#publish-the-oauth-client), please include uninstallation steps.

> The Keep integration is installed using the (Integration Tile)[https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/keephq] on your Datadog account, with OAuth2.

Reviewer: Please include the steps for the oauth flow customers will take

### Validation

To validate Keep's integration is properly working, follow the next steps:
1. Head over to Datadog's (Integrations Page)[https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations]
2. Search for `Webhooks`
3. Click the `Webhooks` tile
4. In the installed `Webhooks` list, look for a `Webhook` that starts with `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID`

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Keep sends metrics about the fatigueness of specific connected monitors. 

### Service Checks

Keep does not include any service checks.

### Events

Keep does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3].

Reviewer: This should be the partners support team

# Agent Check: Keep

## Overview

> Keep is an open-source AIOps alert management tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Keep][6] is an open-source AIOps alert management tool.
```

> Keep acts as a single pane of glass and helps you turn 1000s into just 10s of meaningful alerts.
> 
> We use monitors data, logs and events to correlate alerts and reduce noise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep acts as a single pane of glass and helps you turn 1,000 seconds of alerts into 10 seconds of meaningful alerts. Keep uses Datadog monitor data, logs, and events to correlate alerts and reduce noise.
```

> We use monitors data, logs and events to correlate alerts and reduce noise.

Reviewer 3: Does this integration send data into Datadog at all? If so, can you explain the types of data/value of that data as well?

Author: Hey @anawishnoff :) We plan on making it send our monitors "fatiguness meter" metric very soon. I'll update the documentation and the integration as soon as we do.

## Setup

### Installation

> The Keep integration is installed using the (Integration Tile)[https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/keephq] on your Datadog account, with OAuth2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the Keep integration, navigate to the [integration tile][1] on your Datadog account, and install the integration [using OAuth2][2].
```

Users will:
1. Be redirected to Keep's platform
2. Click on the Datadog tile to initate an OAuth flow

> 3. Review and confirm the required scopes in their Datadog account

Reviewer: This should include the entire oauth flow a customer will take starting from the Datadog tile. Please include all steps a customer will take in the oauth flow

> 1. Be redirected to Keep's platform
> 2. Click on the Datadog tile to initate an OAuth flow
> 3. Review and confirm the required scopes in their Datadog account

Author: @emarsha94 I hope this makes sense, I couldn't find a great example somewhere else so I'm pretty much in the dark here 😆 

```suggestion
1. Clicking on Keep's integration tile -> Install Integration
2. User will be redirected to Keep's platform for sign-in
3. User will be redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account
4. User will be redirected back to Keep's platform to see whether installation was successfully completed
```

> Users will:
> 1. Clicking on Keep's integration tile -> Install Integration
> 2. User will be redirected to Keep's platform for sign-in
> 3. User will be redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account
> 4. User will be redirected back to Keep's platform to see whether installation was successfully completed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

1. Click **Install Integration**.
2. Users are redirected to Keep's platform to sign in.
3. User are redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account.
4. User are redirected back to Keep's platform to see whether installation was successfully completed.
```

## Uninstallation

- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked. 

> - Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the API Keys page.
> - Confirm that `Webhooks` integration does not contain `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID` in the Datadog's (Integrations Page)[https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][3].
- Confirm that `Webhooks` integration does not contain `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID` on the [Integrations page][4].
```

Reviewer 3: Can we link directly to the [webhooks tile](https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/webhooks) here?

> - Confirm that `Webhooks` integration does not contain `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID` in the Datadog's (Integrations Page)[https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations].

Reviewer 3: I don't see the Webhooks piece anywhere in the **Installation** instructions. Does this integration automatically create a webhook for the user?

Author: You are right. I'll add that right now.

### Validation

To validate Keep's integration is properly working, follow the next steps:

> 1. Head over to Datadog's (Integrations Page)[https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [Integrations page][4].
```

> 2. Search for `Webhooks`
> 3. Click the `Webhooks` tile
> 4. In the installed `Webhooks` list, look for a `Webhook` that starts with `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Search for `Webhooks`.
3. Click the `Webhooks` tile.
4. In the installed `Webhooks` list, look for a `Webhook` that starts with `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID`.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> Keep sends metrics about the fatigueness of specific connected monitors. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep sends metrics about the fatigueness of specific connected monitors to Datadog. 
```

### Service Checks

Keep does not include any service checks.

### Events

Keep does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog Partners Support][3] team.

Reviewer: This should be specific to the partner. Ex: Need help? Contact Keep Support

> Keep does not include any service checks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Keep integration does not include any service checks.
```

> Keep does not include any events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Keep integration does not include any events.
```

> Need help? Contact [Datadog Partners Support][3] team.
> 
> [1]: https://www.keephq.dev/
> [2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings/agent/latest
> [3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

Author: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact (Keep's support)[mailto:rnd@keephq.dev?subject=[Datadog]%20OAuth%20Integration%20Support] team.

[1]: https://www.keephq.dev/
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings/agent/latest
```

> Need help? Contact (Keep's support)[mailto:rnd@keephq.dev?subject=[Datadog]%20OAuth%20Integration%20Support] team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Keep's Support team][5].
```

> [1]: https://www.keephq.dev/
> [2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings/agent/latest
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/keephq
[2]: /developers/authorization/oauth2_in_datadog/
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
[5]: mailto:rnd@keephq.dev?subject=[Datadog]%20OAuth%20Integration%20Support
[6]: https://www.keephq.dev/
```

# Agent Check: Keep

## Overview

> Keep is an open-source AIOps alert management and automation platform, which offers a platform for consolidating, automating, and reducing noise across various parts of your observability stack. With this integration, you can harness the strength of both platforms, providing a unified and efficient approach to alert management and event correlation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Keep][6] is an open source AIOps alert management and automation platform, which offers capabilities for consolidating, automating, and reducing noise across various parts of your observability stack. With this integration, you can harness the strength of both platforms, providing a unified and efficient approach to alert management and event correlation.
```

> Keep is an open-source AIOps alert management and automation platform, which offers a platform for consolidating, automating, and reducing noise across various parts of your observability stack. Keep integration with Datadog harnesses the strengths of both platforms, providing a unified and efficient approach to alert management and event correlation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep is an open-source AIOps alert management and automation platform, which offers a platform for consolidating, automating, and reducing noise across various parts of your observability stack. With this integration, you can harness the strength of both platforms, providing a unified and efficient approach to alert management and event correlation.
```

> Keep uses Datadog monitors data, logs and events to correlate alerts and reduce noise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep uses Datadog monitors data, logs, and events to correlate alerts and reduce noise.
```

Key features of this integration include:

> - Centralized Alert Management: Consolidate all your Datadog alerts into Keep’s single pane of glass, offering streamlined control and visibility.
> - Reduced Alert Noise: Minimize alert fatigue by filtering and prioritizing Datadog alerts, ensuring your team addresses the most critical alerts promptly.
> - Comprehensive Analysis: Leverage Keep’s analytical tools to derive insights from Datadog alerts, aiding in proactive decision-making and trend analysis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Centralized Alert Management: Consolidate all your Datadog alerts into Keep's single pane of glass, offering streamlined control and visibility.
- Reduced Alert Noise: Minimize alert fatigue by filtering and prioritizing Datadog alerts, ensuring your team addresses the most critical alerts promptly.
- Comprehensive Analysis: Leverage Keep's analytical tools to derive insights from Datadog alerts, aiding in proactive decision-making and trend analysis.
```

This integration is ideal for teams seeking to enhance their alert capabilities, improve operational efficiency, and make data-driven decisions with **reduced noise and distraction**.

> For more information about (Keep)[6], see (Keep's documentation)[8].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [official Keep documentation][8].
```

## Setup

### Installation

> The Keep integration is installed using the (Integration Tile)[https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/keephq] on your Datadog account, with OAuth2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [integration tile ][9] on your Datadog account to install the Keep integration with [OAuth2][2].
```

> Users will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup the Keep integration
```

> 1. Clicking on Keep's integration tile -> Install Integration
> 2. User will be redirected to Keep's platform for sign-in
> 3. User will be redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account
> 4. User will be redirected back to Keep's platform to see whether installation was successfully completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on Keep's integration tile and select Install Integration
2. Users will be redirected to Keep's platform to sign-in to their Keep account
3. Users will be redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account
4. Once confirmed, users will be redirected back to Keep's platform to see whether installation was successfully completed
```

> To setup the Keep integration
> 1. Click on Keep's integration tile and select Install Integration
> 2. Users will be redirected to Keep's platform to sign-in to their Keep account
> 3. Users will be redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account
> 4. Once confirmed, users will be redirected back to Keep's platform to see whether installation was successfully completed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up the Keep integration:

1. Click on the Keep integration tile and select **Install Integration**.
2. Users are redirected to Keep's platform to sign into their Keep account.
3. Users are redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account.
4. Once confirmed, users are redirected back to the Keep platform to see whether installation was successfully completed.
```

> Once installed successfully, Keep will automatically create a new `Webhook` integration in your Datadog, and will modify your monitors to send alerts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once installed successfully, Keep automatically creates a new `Webhook` integration in Datadog, and modifies your monitors to send alerts.
```

## Uninstallation

- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked. 
- Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][3].

> - Confirm that the `Webhooks` integration does not contain `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID` on the [Integration page][7].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Confirm that the `Webhooks` integration does not contain `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID` on the [Integrations page][7].
```

### Validation

> To validate Keep's integration is properly working, follow the next steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To validate that the Keep integration is properly working, follow the next steps:
```

1. Navigate to the [Webhook Integration page][7].
2. In the installed `Webhooks` list, look for a `Webhook` that starts with `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID`.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Keep sends metrics about the fatigueness of specific connected monitors. 

### Service Checks

The Keep integration does not include any service checks.

### Events

The Keep integration does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Keep's Support team][5].

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/keephq
[2]: /developers/authorization/oauth2_in_datadog/
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
[5]: mailto:rnd@keephq.dev?subject=[Datadog]%20OAuth%20Integration%20Support
[6]: https://www.keephq.dev/
[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/webhooks

> [8]: https://docs.keephq.dev/providers/documentation/datadog-provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[8]: https://docs.keephq.dev/providers/documentation/datadog-provider
[9]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/keephq
```

# Agent Check: Keep

## Overview

[Keep][6] is an open source AIOps alert management and automation platform, which offers capabilities for consolidating, automating, and reducing noise across various parts of your observability stack. With this integration, you can harness the strength of both platforms, providing a unified and efficient approach to alert management and event correlation.

> Keep uses Datadog monitors data, logs, and events to correlate alerts and reduce noise.

Reviewer 4: Hmm this sentence seems a bit off to me. Maybe:

"Keep uses Datadog monitor's data..."
"Keep uses Datadog's monitoring data..."

Author: Well, we specifically use the monitors data (monitors definition, events, etc.) so 🤷‍♂️ I can change that, let me know what makes sense.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Keep uses Datadog's monitors, logs, and events data to correlate alerts and reduce noise.
```

Key features of this integration include:

- Centralized Alert Management: Consolidate all your Datadog alerts into Keep's single pane of glass, offering streamlined control and visibility.
- Reduced Alert Noise: Minimize alert fatigue by filtering and prioritizing Datadog alerts, ensuring your team addresses the most critical alerts promptly.
- Comprehensive Analysis: Leverage Keep's analytical tools to derive insights from Datadog alerts, aiding in proactive decision-making and trend analysis.

This integration is ideal for teams seeking to enhance their alert capabilities, improve operational efficiency, and make data-driven decisions with **reduced noise and distraction**.

For more information, see the [official Keep documentation][8].

## Setup

### Installation

> Use the [integration tile ][9] on your Datadog account to install the Keep integration with [OAuth2][2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [integration tile][9] on your Datadog account to install the Keep integration with [OAuth2][2].
```

2. Users are redirected to Keep's platform to sign into their Keep account.
3. Users are redirected back to Datadog to review and confirm the required scopes from their Datadog account.
4. Once confirmed, users are redirected back to the Keep platform to see whether installation was successfully completed.

Once installed successfully, Keep automatically creates a new `Webhook` integration in Datadog, and modifies your monitors to send alerts.

## Uninstallation

- Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked. 
- Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][3].
- Confirm that the `Webhooks` integration does not contain `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID` on the [Integrations page][7].

### Validation

To validate that the Keep integration is properly working, follow the next steps:
1. Navigate to the [Webhook Integration page][7].
2. In the installed `Webhooks` list, look for a `Webhook` that starts with `keep-datadog-webhook-integration-UUID`.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> Keep sends metrics about the fatigueness of specific connected monitors. 

Reviewer 4: Will metrics be submitted? If so then I think you'd need a metadata.csv to properly document all the metrics.

I.e:
https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/argocd/metadata.csv

Which will then render as a table in the docs and the integration tiles

Author: It's something we plan on adding so I removed it for now.

> Keep sends metrics about the fatigueness of specific connected monitors. 

Author: ```suggestion
The Keep integration does not include any metrics.
```
